Q.1. Who developed Python programming Language?
ANS-Python was developed Guido van rossum in 1991.
Q.2. Which type of programming does python support?
ANS-Python supports object oriented programming.Means it focuses on data rather than function. 
Q.3.Is Python case sensitive when dealing with identifiers?
ANS- Yes,Python is case sensitive when dealing with identifiers.
Q.4. What is the correct extension of the python file?
ANS- .py is extension of the python file.
Q.5. Is python code compiled or interpreted?
ANS- Python is interpreted language. which means the source code of a python program is converted into byte code then executed by the python  virtual machine.
Q.6.Name a few blocks of code used to define in python language?
ANS-There are many name that is used to define the blocks of code in python language  such that "if","else","elif","for loop" etc.
In the python block is represented by indentation.
Q.7.State the character used to give single-line  comments in python?
ANS-The '#' symbol is used to give the single line comment in the python.
Q.8.Mention functions which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
ANS-The function is "python --version" help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on.
Q.11. Mention a few built-in functions in python?
Ans- there are so many functions in python for different purpose.
Such that 
1.insert
2.append
3.pop
4.find
5.replace   etc...
Q.12.What is the maximum possible length of  an identifier in python?
ANS-we can use identifier in 79 character.Means maximum length of identifier is 79.
Q.13.What are the benifits of using python?
Ans-There are so many benifits of using python.
1.firstly python is object oriented programming language so it focuses on data.
2.In the python we use access modifier such that public,private,protected.We can secure our data.
3.We can use the python in backend web developing,AI,data analysis,scientific computing etc.
4.When we want to declare any variable ,we do not define the data type with variable name.
5.We can use function inside function.
Q.14.How is memory managed in python?
ANS-Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. The management of this private heap is ensured internally by the Python memory manager. The Python memory manager has different components which deal with various dynamic storage management aspects, like sharing, segmentation, preallocation or caching.
Q.15.How to install python on windows and set path variable?
Ans-A path variable contains a list of paths to executable programs in the machine. These programs can be placed anywhere in the machine, but when added to the PATH variable, they can be accessed from any directory in the system.
Whenever we enter a command into the terminal, the system looks up the PATH variable for the path where the program is placed, which refers to the command. If the path to the required file is not found, it responds with an error message stating that​ the specified command was not recognized.
Steps to add Python to PATH
Below are the steps we must take to add python to our PATH variable.

First, we must find the directory where we installed Python. A typical installation would have the following path, C:\Users\MyUserName\AppData\Local\Programs\Python\Python310

Now, we will need to add this to the PATH variable, we right click on "This PC" and go to "Properties".

Then, we click on the "Advanced system settings" in the menu on the left.going

In the bottom right, we can see a button labeled "Environment Variables". We will click on it to open another window to edit these variables.

Now, we select the "Path variable" in the "System variables" section and click "Edit". The next screen will show all the directories currently part of the PATH variable.

Another window opens up where we can see all the paths for the currently configured system variables. To add a new path for our Python program, we will click on the "New" button on the right side and paste the path in Step 1

We have successfully added the path for our Python program to our system's environment variables. The best practice is to restart the system afterward for the change to occur.

Now, we can verify if the PATH variable was configured correctly by opening up the terminal and entering the command python --version.

After all the following steps are completed, when we run the command on the command prompt, we should get a similar output to the one shown below...
C:\>python --version
python 3.10
Q.16.Is indentation required in python?
Ans-Yes indentation is required in python .It is define the blockof any statement such that 'if','else','elif','for' etc.
